---
layout: post
title: "What is this Craziness?"
date: 2020-06-05
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

### The Hell That is 2020 Thus Far
The year began as most other years, everyone saying "This will be my year." Little did we know that this year would be full of crisis and insanity. For my own sanity, I thought I would give an update to record some of the world's events as well as my own. Pandemic, emergency surgery, murder hornets, and riots to name some of the events that have shaken the world that I know. One of the major events is a pandemic that is still underway. Not to mention needing emergency surgery in the middle of the pandemic.
<!--more-->

#### Covid-19
Contrary to the belief of uneducated Americans, Coronavirus is not named after the Corona beer. Rather the virus and the beer are named after the Spanish word for crown. The virus was first discovered in China and has quickly spread throughout the world. The World Health Organization declared the virus a pandemic on March 11th. From that point on, many countries put travel bans and stay home orders into affect. The entire world seemed to just stop on a dime as hundreds of thousands of people were getting horribly sick with a virus that attacks the respiratory system. By April 2nd, the number of confirmed cases passed one million worldwide. The virus proved to be one of the most contagious the world has faced recently. As of June 5th, Pierce County has entered phase 2 of Washington's reopening plan. This virus has shaken many people in the world. I do not know if we will ever feel normal again. Handshakes could become a thing of the past after the virus ran so rampantly through the United States.

#### Emergency Appendectomy
In the beginning of April, I suddenly found myself in the most intense abdominal pain I have ever experienced in my life. My family was experiencing a stomach bug that seemed to last a few days, so I went to bed thinking I would just sleep off the discomfort. Little did I know, I would not sleep at all that night. Getting up in hopes to vomit to relieve some of the pressure I was feeling on my guts. By morning I began to examine exactly where the pain was originating. Once I realized the pain was from my lower right side of my abdomen near my navel, I had a pretty good guess that it was likely my appendix causing the pain and needed to seek medical attention. After contacting my doctor, it became clear that a visit to the hospital was the only option. The hospital was on lock down due to the virus. Only patients were allowed inside. After a moment near the entrance being examined by some admittance staff, I was brought back to a room for some tests to determine if it indeed was appendicitis. After a while, the doctor showed up and said that it was good that I came in because it was in fact appendicitis and I needed to have the surgery soon. Later that afternoon, I went in for the surgery. It was two weeks before I was well enough to sit up in my chair to work from home. Even then, it was more than a month before I could do it comfortably. I was amazed by the kindness of the nurses that helped me through such a crazy event.

#### Murder Hornets
Yes, you read that title correctly. An invasive species of humongous hornets have been discovered in a few states. These Asian giant hornets are dangerous in groups capable of destroying an entire hive. It seems that every month a crazy event happens that shakes the US. While the sightings of these hornets have been minimal, it does pose a threat to the endangered honey bee.

#### Black Lives Matter
The world has been shaken over the last couple weeks after George Floyd was murdered in the custody of police through senseless violence and being held down long enough with a knee in the back of his neck to kill him. Protests across the world chanting "No justice, no peace" and "Black Lives Matter" at every corner. The United States needs to reform the way policing is done. More education and support behind the officers for mental health and accountability has been warranted for countless years. Education not only for our officers but for our teachers. The nation's education has been slipping to unreasonable level. Many of the protests have been met with police force using tear gas and flash bangs to try and disperse the crowd. Beyond those measures the police departments have been shooting civilians with rubber bullets. Protests that were peaceful up until the police escalated the situation by either advancing or needlessly trying to disperse the crowd. The unrest has built up to this point behind a president that has not only caused division but has blatantly called for it during the pandemic. The president was giving un-logical call to arms to his followers to rebel against lawful, just, and reasonable stay at home order. The orders given throughout the nation are designed to distance people from each other to quell the spread of the virus. The protests the president were calling for were armed with assault rifles and storming capitals. These protestors are committing felonies the moment they step on federal grounds armed. The president called them "good people." The systemic racism must end. For the sake of the future of our nation and the world. We must end it today. So let me bring this back to the top.
## BLACK LIVES MATTER
